# Amazon_Products_Whitelist.txt
# Amazon Sites you may want to whitelist for full functionality
# 1/17/2021

# Alexa
api.amazonalexa.com # Alexa
avs-alexa-1-na.amazon.com # Required for alexa
avs-alexa-10-na.amazon.com # Required for alexa
avs-alexa-11-na.amazon.com # Required for alexa
avs-alexa-12-na.amazon.com # Required for alexa
avs-alexa-13-na.amazon.com # Required for alexa
avs-alexa-14-na.amazon.com # Required for alexa
avs-alexa-15-na.amazon.com # Required for alexa
avs-alexa-16-na.amazon.com # Required for alexa
avs-alexa-17-na.amazon.com # Required for alexa
avs-alexa-18-na.amazon.com # Required for alexa
avs-alexa-2-na.amazon.com # Required for alexa
avs-alexa-3-na.amazon.com # Required for alexa
avs-alexa-4-na.amazon.com # Required for alexa
avs-alexa-5-na.amazon.com # Required for alexa
avs-alexa-6-na.amazon.com # Required for alexa
avs-alexa-7-na.amazon.com # Required for alexa
avs-alexa-8-na.amazon.com # Required for alexa
avs-alexa-9-na.amazon.com # Required for alexa
avs.eu.amazonalexa.com # Alexa
cortana-gateway.amazon.com # Alexa
.fls-na.amazon.com # alexa
.control.kochava.com # alexa 2
d3p8zr0ffa9t17.cloudfront.net # Alexa
amazonadsi-a.akamaihd.net # Alexa App Install
aax-eu.amazon-adsystem.com  # Alexa App Install

# Amazon
.amazon-adsystem.com # amazon app ads
.bs.serving-sys.com # amazon app 5
.pixel.adsafeprotected.com # amazon app 4
.px.moatads.com # amazon app 2
.secure-gl.imrworldwide.com # amazon app 3
amazon.com # amazon
amazonaws.com # Amazon
d1s31zyz7dcc2d.cloudfront.net # Amazon Updates
d21m0ezw6fosyw.cloudfront.net # Amazon Updates
d2n99fpfeqbnhk.cloudfront.net # Amazon Updates
d3a510xmpll7o6.cloudfront.net # Amazon Updates
d3h5bk8iotgjvw.cloudfront.net # Amazon Updates
d3uf8d0lloeluq.cloudfront.net # Amazon Updates
d63r8xi1zu867.cloudfront.net # Amazon Updates
device-metrics-us-2.amazon.com # Amazon
dcape-na.amazon.com # Amazon
dr49lng3n1n2s.cloudfront.net # AmazonAWS_Management
msh.amazon.co.uk  # Alexa App Install
s3-1.amazonaws.com # Amazon
s3.amazonaws.com # Amazon
softwareupdates.amazon.com # Amazon Updates
www.amazon.com # amazon
arcus-uswest.amazon.com # Amazon

# Twitch
s.amazon-adsystem.com # twitch
c.amazon-adsystem.com # twitch
cdn-gl.imrworldwide.com # twitch
countess.twitch.tv # twitch
pubsub-edge.twitch.tv # twitch

# AWS
www.dr49lng3n1n2s.cloudfront.net # AmazonAWS_Management